Anil Kumar Reddy Gollapalli
Hyderabad; +91-9966528771, 7856321452;anildy.golli@gmail.com, fdfs.fggf@gmail.com
          Gender: Male; Pan: VFGBH1256J; Passport: S4125633;  Dob: 19/11/1987


SUMMARY

7.2 years of experience in PeopleSoft/Oracle Database and Middleware Administration. I am an accomplished, self-motivated, result oriented and energetic Technical Consultant with an experience of more than 7+ years in the implementation/support and upgrade of full life-cycle PeopleSoft Projects. 
An organized, detail oriented, effective communicator and good at multi-tasking – with areas of experience and expertise, including Production support and full life cycle implementation and full application upgrades.
I worked on full oracle database upgrades and performance tuning of queries and Integrated Fusion middleware products like Web center Portal/SOA and OBIEE with PeopleSoft successfully.

Highlights of Professional Experience:

Experience in implementation/Upgrade & supporting full life cycle PeopleSoft Projects for  HR, Finance, CRM, 
 Portal, ELM applications
Expertise in strategy making and implementation of PeopleSoft Maintenance Activities
Expertise in Installation of PeopleSoft Applications, Troubleshooting and other PeopleSoft DBA activities
Worked on Oracle full database upgrades
Worked in 8.49/8.50/8.51/8.52/8.53/8.54 PeopleSoft Tools only upgrade activities
Worked on Application upgrade from HRMS 8.9 to 9.0 MP5.
Worked on PeopleSoft two step application upgrades as well.
Experience in Oracle Database Administration and UNIX Shell Scripting
Exposure to Oracle 10g/11g RAC implementation/Maintenance
Oracle Golden Gate (OGG) Installation/Configuration and Maintenance
OBIEE Installation/Configuration and Maintenance Activities
Fusion Middleware Components(Web center Portal/SOA and OBIEE) Installation/Configuration and Maintenance
 

Formal Education
Masters of Computer Applications (MCA) – [S.K.University (2012)]
Bachelors of Science in Computers [S.V.Degree and P.G College (2008)]

Professional Training/Certifications
Oracle 11g Performance Tuning training from Oracle University(LVC)
Oracle 11g R2 Database/RAC

Oracle 10g DBA Workshop training from Oracle University(LVC)


People Management Essentials (PME)



Technical Skills	
Operating Systems:
Windows Server 2008 R2, Linux,AIX,HP-UX
Programming  Languages:
Shell Scripting (ksh, bash)
Applications:
Oracle UPK, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), PeopleSoft (FSCM/HCM/CRM/PORTAL/ELM/CS), Oracle Fusion Middleware(Web center Portal/SOA and OBIEE)
Middleware and Application Server:
Web Logic Server, Web Sphere,OAS
Desktop Tools:
MS Projects, MS Visio, MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint
Database and Development Tools:
TOAD, Oracle SQL Plus, Quest STAT, SQL Developer
Application Tools:	
Oracle Enterprise Manager, Quest ( STAT) Change Management and Object Migration Tool set

Database:		
Oracle (9i.x through 12c), Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN),
Oracle RAC 11g

Employment History

NTT DATA,Hyderabad - Jul, 2013 – Present: (2.4 years and current) Functioning as a PeopleSoft DBA in the EAS practice, providing consulting services to a various projects

Oracle Corp India,Hyderabad - Feb, 2011 – Jul, 2013: (2.5 Years) Functioned as a PeopleSoft DBA in the Cloud IT Team and supported and maintained multiple client environments.
Infosys Technologies Ltd,Hyderabad - Sept 2008 – Feb, 2011: (2.5 Years) Functioned as a PeopleSoft Admin in application services team and providing PSADMIN services to CITI Bank client. 

Professional Accomplishments
						
Employer:     NTT DATA								July 2013 – Present

  Clients:
	Mizuho Bank Ltd								              October, 2014 – Till date
Functioning as a PeopleSoft DBA and responsible for:
Design, Planning, Installation and Configuration of various PeopleSoft Instances(Pure Internet Architecture) like  Demo,Development,Testing,Conversion,Staging,Production environments on PeopleSoft FSCM 9.2 and People tools 8.53 versions.
Installation and Configuration PeopleSoft Update Manager(PUM) on Virtual box in order to create Change Package(s) and apply the same as part Application Maintenance on all environments whenever released by Oracle.
Applying People tools Patches, Web logic PSU using BSU and applying Tuxedo Rolling Patches.
Troubleshooting user login issues/performance issues(online/batch) and perform webserver/application and scheduler tuning for optimum results.
Installation Micro focus Net Express COBOL compiler and compiling the COBOLS on Windows.
Implemented SES(Secure Enterprise Search)  and integrated with PeopleSoft to enable Full Text Search functionality.
Implemented LDAP(Microsoft Active Directory) for PeopleSoft Application Authentication.
Security Management like creation of users and managing permission lists/roles etc.
Interface setups for file transfers/attachment uploads using FTP/SFTP/HTTP(URL Server).
Integration Broker setup/tuning and troubleshooting.
Environment (Database/File system) refreshes activities.





	
	Yum Brands			                                                                                 April, 2014 – October, 2014
Functioning as a Peoplesoft DBA and Upgrade Specialist –responsible for:
Working as an upgrade administrator for the PeopleSoft upgrade project for the applications HCM, FSCM, CRM and Portal. 
Performing the data conversion and tuning as required for performance optimization. 
Installed the Demo environments on NTT Cloud AIX servers on DB2 LUW databases with Peopletools 8.53 for upgrades. 
Configured PUM (update manager), downloaded images and applied maintenance packs to the applications. 
Configured integration broker between the instances and troubleshooting the messaging issues. 
Setup and configured Change Assistant for the upgrade passes. 
Applied maintenance packs and tools patches using Change Assistant. 
Performed initial pass and multiple test moves. 
Analyzing compare reports, SYSAUDIT, DDDAUDIT and Alter Audit reports and performing cleanups before and after each upgrade pass. 
Tuning the conversion scripts to reduce the time-taken. 
Configured the development, testing, training instances. 
Troubleshooting various issues during upgrade with the upgrade steps, Application Engines, SQRs, PeopleCode, etc. 
Performed extensive database and SQL tuning of application for performance. 
Creating, updating and maintaining the project documentation.

	Department of Sanitation New York  				                   July, 2013 – March, 2014
Functioning as a PeopleSoft DBA/Oracle DBA and Fusion Middleware Admin responsible for:
Design, Planning, Creation and Administration of various Instances like Demo,Development,Testing,Conversion,Staging,Production environments  for PeopleSoft and Fusion Middleware products to fulfill the Client requirements.
Installing Oracle database, PeopleSoft components like Peopletools,applications(FSCM/HCM),Tuxedo(Business Logic),Web logic and Fusion Middleware Components like Web center Portal,SOA,OBIEE etc.
Configuring/Tuning above mentioned products to its maximum extent in order to get the optimum results in terms of response time of application and application availability.
Refreshing the environments on periodic basis to support project activities.
Applying fixes/Patches delivered by oracle whenever reported issue identified as known bug upon analysis.
Interface setup using FTP for interface processing(inbound/outbound) and monitoring the same and troubleshooting if any issues.
Configuring peoplesoft setups like Integration Broker for IB messaging,Renserver for connected queries,URLs for middleware integration,Report nodes etc.
Performing PeopleSoft Project migrations which are developed by developers through Application designer and File Migrations,Enterprise Application Archive(EAR) file deployments on Middleware systems through Enterprise Manager Console.
Integrating PeopleSoft Application with Fusion middleware components like Web center Portal,SOA and OBIEE.
Writing and deploying Monitoring scripts for Batch Job,IB Messaging etc.
Install/configure agents in all hosts and setup thresholds and Monitoring the enterprise deployments,Application,Database through Enterprise Manager 12c and take appropriate actions to correct the reported issues.
Security/User Management by creating necessary application users for Developers/Testing/Functional analysts and granting appropriate permissions in order to perform their day-to-day activities.
Assisting in Disaster Recovery Setup by providing necessary information from Application perspective and in capacity planning.
Working with different teams like System Admins/Network Admins Team in various aspects of Environment build and Maintenance.
Troubleshooting and fixing the user reported issues like performance related, login issues, security issues etc.

	
Employer: 	Oracle India Pvt Ltd	  				                     February 2011 – July 2013
Oracle On Demand(Known as Cloud IT)
Functioned as an Peoplesoft DBA, responsible for:
Worked as PeopleSoft Administrator and Oracle DBA for production environments
Installed PeopleSoft Applications FSCM 8.8/9.0/9.1, HCM 8.9/9.0/9.1 & CRM 8.8 on People Tools 8.47/48/49/50/51/52
Worked on PeopleSoft People tools and Application (FSCM/HRMS) Upgrades.
Worked on Application upgrade from HRMS 8.9 to 9.0 MP5.
Worked on two-step application upgrades as well.
Implemented Maintenance Packs & Bundles, People Tools Upgrades, Tax Updates, POCs using change assistant, DST patches and Oracle database patches/patch sets/Upgrades.
COBOL Installation/Troubleshooting/Compilation in Linux environment
Performed Database Backups (Cold/Hot/Export) and Recovery
Day-to-day PeopleSoft admin activities such as Project/Data/file migrations to support Production environments
Troubleshooting & handling customer cases to resolve PeopleSoft issues like performance issues (batch process, application navigation), configuration issues, load balancing issues etc.
Administered the PeopleSoft Internet Architecture (PIA).
Setup, configuration, analysis and monitoring of production servers.
Implemented Forgot password functionality for few customers.
Applied patch set updates on 3 node RAC and administered RAC system.
Performed Database Upgrade from Oracle 10g to Oracle11g.
Installed People Books/hosted people books in tools 850 and UPK(User Productivity Kit) installation/Maintenance activities.
Provided 24x7 on-call support.
Performed Web logic upgrades and applied patches for web logic using BSU tool.
Applied Tuxedo rolling patches on Unix and NT.
Participated in planning and implemented People tools only upgrade from 849-850/8.50-8.52
Worked with internal team extensively to create automation scripts by providing valuable inputs/feedbacks.

Employer: 	Infosys Technologies Ltd  			                              September, 2008 – April 2011
Functioned as Peoplesoft Administrator, was part of application services team and responsible for:
Design, Planning, Creation and Administration of PeopleSoft Instances
Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of PeopleSoft Applications FSCM/HRMS.
Applying Bundles - PeopleSoft Finance Application, People Tools and Oracle Patches.   
Application Server and Batch Server Level Traces
SSL (Secure Socket Layer) and RPS (Reverse Proxy Server) Implementation/Troubleshooting
Project Migration, Data Mover, Application Designer, Configuration Manager
Cobol Compilation on Windows and Unix
Integration Broker setup and troubleshooting usual issues.
NDM setup and Maintenance
Supported COB activities during maintenance.
Provided 24x7 on-call support.
Implemented Forgot password functionality for few customers
COBOL Installation/Troubleshooting/Compilation in Linux environment
Troubleshooting & handling customer cases to resolve PeopleSoft issues like performance issues (batch process, application navigation), configuration issues, load balancing issues etc
Setup, configuration, analysis and monitoring of production servers.
Installed People Books/hosted people books in tools 850 and UPK(User Productivity Kit) installation/Maintenance activities.


References:	Can be provided upon requested
