Sreejith Krishnankutty 
sreejithm11ace@gmail.com
srff.gffhg@gmail.com
(394) 504-0022, 296-325-41236
				

Total Industry experience of 8 years. Have 3.5 years of freelancing experience extra. Good understanding of all phases in software development life cycle. Seasoned in gathering requirements, conducting gap analysis and feasibility study. Knowledge of conducting risk analysis and impact analysis. Good experience in design and development of software applications using java/j2ee technologies. Have experience leading a team and client interaction.

Professional Skills:

Gap Analysis/Requirements gathering
Efforts estimates calculation.
Design of modules.
Programming - Java, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, Struts, EJB,JDBC, Webservices, UML, Ajax, HTML, CSS, extjs, javascript, Design patterns, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, Liferay portlets
RDBMS – Oracle, Postgres
Tools – Eclipse, MyEclipse, SQL Developer, Rational Rose, STS, RSA, IntelliJ IDEA
Servers – Tomcat, OC4J, Jboss, Websphere

Work Experience:

Working with Netcracker Technology as a Technical Lead (May 2016 – till date)
Worked with UST Global as a Senior Systems Analyst (Jan 2015 – Apr 2016)
Worked with Indecomm Global Services as a Technical Lead (Aug 2012 – Dec 2014)
Worked with Mastek Ltd.as a Senior Software Engineer. (Dec 08 – May 12)
Worked as a freelancer from Mar 05 to Nov 08

               Projects:


Self Service Portal  (From May’16)


Skills Used
 Liferay with tomcat, portlets, IntelliJ IDEA
 

Project Description


Portal is implemented using JSR286 specification that describes 
structure and lifecycle of site pages that are constructed from 
Portlets. Liferay CMS is used for building this project. Using the 
portal, users can view, compare and buy telecom products.



      Roles/Responsibility

 Development. 




BCC  (From Jan’15 – Apr’16)


Skills Used
Spring, RSA, Oracle
 

Project Description


A batch program that generates benefit comparison chart.



      Roles/Responsibility

 Design and development. Provide technical support to team. Track work status. Plan tasks. Design/code reviews.



Eportal  (From Aug’12- Dec’14)


Skills Used

Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Spring, Hibernate,  STS, Jboss, Ajax, 
                HTML, Javascript, Postgres, MDB
 

Project Description


A self provisioning portal for a client of payment domain



      Roles/Responsibility

 Design and development of new components. Provide technical support to team. Client interaction. Track work status. Plan tasks. Design/code reviews. Monitor process compliance.





    	         Point of Sale (From Apr’09- May 12)


Skills Used

Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Struts,  MyEclipse, Tomcat, 
		Oracle, Sql Developer, Ajax, HTML, Javascript, OC4J
 

Project Description


Point of sale system is an independent system that empowers 
broker/sub-broker at the front-end of the business to perform 
business acquisition and initial risk-selection tasks. It provides ease of 
use which enables the broker/sub-broker to perform quote, retrieve 
quote, convert quote to policy and online policy issuance.



      Roles/Responsibility


Preparation of FRS & Efforts estimates. Assign tasks to team members and track the progress. Design and development of new components.


      Client

National Automotive Insurance Company.



               NHS Spine – Security & Authentication (From Dec’08 – Mar’09)


Skills Used

Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Struts, EJB, Eclipse, Tomcat, Oracle, Selenium,
Sun Application Server.


Project Description


End Point Registration (EPR) of the Spine system is the generic term 
for an accredited system or a message handling system. In general 
terms, an accredited system is the application that provides 
functionality to an end user. Each accredited system is required to be 
registered with a message handling system whose function is to route 
messages to and from the accredited system.


      Roles/Responsibility


Defect Fixing, writing Test Scripts, Enhancements.


      Client

British Telecom


Health Care Management System (From Mar’08 – Nov’08)


Skills Used

Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Struts, EJB, Eclipse, WSAD, UML, Tomcat, 
Websphere Application Server, Rational Rose, Erwin.

Project Description


A hospital management system that integrates all the activities of a 
hospital. It is an effort to minimize the time a patient need to spend 
for registration purposes at various counters. A common database is 
maintained which contains all the hospital related data.  Details of 
patients, their  treatment, their registration validity etc are quickly
 accessible from any of the counter let it be OPD, IPD, Pharmacy or 
Laboratory.

      Roles/Responsibility


Handling team, Requirement analysis, software modeling using UML, Development.


      Client

Actionet


	
               Other Projects

MCLS (dec’06 to feb’08)
The project involved managing and tracking Medical Representatives’ (MR’) activities e.g. their 
                   Monthly tour plan, expenses, their interaction with the doctors, chemists, and stockists to manage
                   master fare chart, daily call report etc. Users of this software can enter and view for Doctors by                          
                   specialization, category, view Monthly Tour Plan, Monthly Expense Statement. This system can 
                   maintain the list of Doctors, Chemists, and Stockists for the convenience of MR meet.
		  Skills: Servlets, JSP, Oracle, Java Beans, Struts, Tomcat, Eclipse
		  Roles/Responsibility: Coding, Unit testing.

SAP (feb’06 to nov’06)
An application which maintains details regarding employee contact numbers, new products in the 
  firm, latest news in the company etc.
		  Skills: JSP, Oracle, Java Beans, Tomcat, Struts, Eclipse
		  Roles/Responsibility: Requirement analysis, coding business logic.

Academic Management System (july’05 to feb’06)
This has been developed with an objective to provide single point solution to manage real time all
                   student related activities like course registration, Hostel accounting, Training and Placement, Fee 
                   payment etc.                         
		  Skills: Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Tomcat
		  Roles/Responsibility: Coding business logic using J2EE technologies.

    HRMS (Human Resource Management System) (Mar’05 to june’05)
                         The project involved the design & development of an application to be used by employees and HR
                         Personnel of the company. The project is aimed at making the entire HR System and comprises of
                         Employee Information, Training and staffing modules.        
		  Skills: Servlets, JSP, Oracle, Java Beans, Tomcat.
		  Roles/Responsibility: Application Development




Educational Qualification:

 B.Tech from I I T DELHI
 65%
 2004
AISSCE from Delhi Public School, Dhanbad
69%
1999
Matriculation from MCEMHS, Kerala.
77%
1997






Name:-Sreejith Krishnankutty 
DOB.:- 17'th, Feb, 1988
Gender:- Male
Place:-Patna
